Fill in FLP overview in draft (#64)
junyechen1996/draft-chen-cfrg-vdaf-pine: draft-chen-cfrg-vdaf-pine.md

would be prohibitively high. The basic idea is simple: an FLP ("Fully Linear
Proof", see {{Section 7.3 of !VDAF}}) could be specified that computes the
L2-norm of the gradient and checks that the result is in the desired range.

> This computation is not easy to do efficiently: the challenge lies in ensuring that

Author: Fix to wrap texts after 80 characters

* XOFs ("eXtendable Output Functions") from {{Section 6.2 of !VDAF}}.

> A floating point number is a IEEE-754 compatible float64 value {{IEEE754-2019}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A floating point number, denoted `float`, is a IEEE-754 compatible float64 value {{IEEE754-2019}}.
```

|:----------------|:------|:---------------|
| `l2_norm_bound` | float | The L2-norm upper bound (inclusive). |
| `dimension`     | int   | Dimension of each gradient. |

> | `num_frac_bits` | int   | The number of bits of precision to use when encoding each gradient entry into the field. At most 127. |

Reviewer: The upper bound depends on the field and norm bound, correct?

Perhaps we should just say nothing here.
```suggestion
| `num_frac_bits` | int   | The number of bits of precision to use when encoding each gradient entry into the field. |
```

high communication overhead between the Client and Aggregators, roughly
`num_frac_bits * dimension` field elements (see {{pine-user-param}}).

> In order to detect whether a wraparound has occurred, PINE uses a probabilistic test,

Author: Fix to wrap texts after 80 characters

However, {{ROCT23}} also show that each wraparound test has a non-zero false
positive probability (the probability of misclassifying a valid gradient as

> invalid). We denote this probability as the "zero-knowledge error", or in short,

Author: The goal is to briefly mention ZK error here.

> invalid). We denote this probability as the "zero-knowledge error", or in short,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
invalid). We refer to this probability as the "zero-knowledge error", or in short,
```

This section specifies a randomized encoding of gradients and FLP circuit
({{Section 7.3 of !VDAF}}) for checking that (1) the gradient's

> squared L2-norm falls in the desired range and (2) the squared L2-norm does

Author: Fix to wrap texts after 80 characters

Operational parameters for the proof system are summarized below in
{{pine-flp-param}}.

| Parameter             | Type     | Description |
|:----------------------|:---------|:------------|

> | alpha                 | float    | Parameter in wraparound check that determines the ZK error. The higher `alpha` is, the lower ZK error is. |

Reviewer: Let's make sure to connect `float` to the spec (see suggestion above).

| num_wr_checks         | int      | Number of wraparound checks to run. |
| num_wr_successes      | int      | Minimum number of wraparound checks that a Client must pass. |
| encoded_sq_norm_bound | Field    | The square of `l2_norm_bound` encoded into a field element. |

> | wr_check_bound        | Field    | The bound of the range check in wraparound checks. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| wr_check_bound        | Field    | The bound of the range check for each wraparound check. |
```

| num_bits_for_sq_norm  | int      | Number of bits to encode the squared L2-norm. |
| num_bits_for_wr_check | int      | Number of bits to encode the range check in each wraparound check. |

> | chunk_length          | int      | Chunk length used in FLP proof. |

Reviewer: The reader doesn't quite know yet what "chunk length" means
```suggestion
| chunk_length          | int      | Parameter of the FLP. |
```

{: #pine-flp-param title="Operational parameters of the PINE FLP."}

## Measurement Encoding

The measurement encoding is done in two stages:

> * `PineValid.encode_gradient(self, measurement: list[float]) -> list[Field]`

Reviewer: Don't refer to syntax that hasn't been defined yet. Instead, how about adding a forward reference to the section that describes it?
```suggestion
* 
```

Author: I added a section `Encoding Gradient {#encode-gradient}` and mentions this function there. I also put floating point encoding and L2-norm check as subsections of it.

Reviewer: Works for me

  allows a Client to encode each floating point number in its gradient into a
  field element {{float-to-field}}. Then the Client encodes the results for
  L2-norm check {{l2-norm-check}}, by computing the bit representation of the
  squared L2-norm, modulo `q`, of its encoded gradient. The result of this step
  allows Aggregators to check the squared L2-norm of the Client's gradient,
  modulo `q`, falls in the desired range of `[0, encoded_sq_norm_bound]`.
* `PineValid.encode_wr_checks(self, encoded_gradient: list[Field],
  wr_joint_rand_xof: Xof) -> list[Field]` allows the Client to encode the
  results of wraparound checks {{wr-check}}, based on the `encoded_gradient`
  from the previous step, and the random vector generated from an initialized

>   `Xof` in `wr_joint_rand_xof. The result of this step, along with the encoded

Reviewer: Instead of speaking of an XOF here, we should only speak of the seed used to derive the random vectors via the XOF.

Author: isn't the XOF composed of the seed and domain separation tag? Mentioning XOF here also connects to our reference implementation?

| wr_check_bound        | Field   | The bound of the range check for each wraparound check. |
| num_bits_for_sq_norm  | int     | Number of bits to encode the squared L2-norm. |
| num_bits_for_wr_check | int     | Number of bits to encode the range check in each wraparound check. |
| chunk_length          | int     | Parameter of the FLP. |
{: #pine-flp-param title="Operational parameters of the PINE FLP."}

## Measurement Encoding

The measurement encoding is done in two stages:
* {{encode-gradient}} involves encoding floating point numbers in the Client
  gradient into field elements {{float-to-field}}, and encoding the results for
  L2-norm check {{l2-norm-check}}, by computing the bit representation of the
  squared L2-norm, modulo `q`, of the field element vector. The result of this
  step allows Aggregators to check the squared L2-norm of the Client's gradient,
  modulo `q`, falls in the desired range of `[0, encoded_sq_norm_bound]`.
* {{encode-wr-check}} involves encoding the results of running wraparound checks
  {{run-wr-check}}, based on the `encoded_gradient` from the previous step, and

>   the random vector generated from an initialized `Xof` in `wr_joint_rand_xof.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the vectors derived from a short, random seed using an XOF.
````
